Add certificate management documentation (#46)
HarperFast/documentation: docs/security/certificate-management.md

We have a few recommended options for enabling HTTPS for HarperDB in a production setting.

### HarperDB HTTPS

This option is having HarperDB itself listen only for HTTPS requests. HarperDB will continue to listen on the ports that you specify in your configuration.

To enable HTTPs, set the `clustering.network.https` and `customFunctions.network.https` to `true` and restart HarperDB.

Once you generate new certificates, to make HarperDB start using them you can either replace the generated files with your own, or update the configuration to point to your new certificates, and then restart HarperDB.

### nginx

This option involves installing nginx and using it to manage certificates, terminate TLS, and proxy the traffic to HarperDB.

In this case you will leave HTTPS disabled within the HarperDB confiruation.

### Load Balancer

This option involves using an external load balancer such as an ELB in AWS or a LoadBalancer in Kubernetes and use it to manage certificates, terminate TLS, and proxy the traffic to your HarperDB node.

In this case you will leave HTTPS disabled within the HarperDB confiruation.

### Additional Considerations

> * If your certificates expire you will need a way to issue new certificates to the nodes and then restart HarperDB.
>     * If you are using a public CA such as LetsEncrypt, a tool like `certbot` can be used to renew certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: To me, your first point is implied when it comes to dealing with certs, and you covered the bit about restarting HDB if you swap certs.

I suggested moving the part about certbot to the Nginx section.

> * It is possible to use different certificates for the Operations API and the Custom Functions API. You may want to use an internal private CA to issue certs for the Operations API and a public CA for the Custom Functions API if you want to expose your Custom Functions endpoints to the broader internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to use different certificates for the Operations API and the Custom Functions API. In scenarios where only your Custom Functions endpoints need to be exposed to the Internet and the Operations API is reserved for HarperDB administration, you may want to use a private CA to issue certificates for the Operations API and a public CA for the Custom Functions API certificates.
```
